Adds automation forum (#147)
networktocode/awesome-network-automation: README.md

- [Ansible Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ansible-project) - Ansible's mailing list and forum!
- [IRC Ansible](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/community.html#irc-channel) - Ansible IRC Channels.
- [Chef Community](https://community.chef.io/) - The complete offical list of Chef Community resources.

> - [Network Automation Forum](https://networkautomation.forum/) - In person gathering around Network Automation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Network Automation Forum](https://networkautomation.forum/) - A conference focused on Network Automation.
```

- [Python for Network Engineers](https://pynet.twb-tech.com/class.html) - Learn skills that make you better at network automation and that improve your capability to use programming to scale your work.

> # Presentations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Presentations

```

# Presentations

> | Title                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Details                                                                                                                                                                | Year |
> | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---- |
> | [Nautobot Overview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vq-rtTRLRk&list=PLinuRwpnsHadCKcgqwnikyMZEWZX1raMB&index=16)                                                                                                              | Network to Code, Network Field Day 24                                                                                                                                  | 2021 |
> | [Automation without Config Deployment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qw6jKa7yLBQ)                                                                                                                                            | Ken Celenza, NANOG                                                                                                                                                     | 2021 |
> | [Cisco DevNet Day 2020](https://developer.cisco.com/events/devnetday20/)                                                                                                                                                       | Todd Nightingale (Cisco SVP/GM)                                                                                                                                        | 2020 |
> | [Interop Network Automation track](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qTC3lZYX34&list=PLjA0bhxgryJ35D79ZRrNLMaZNaL3NAvEa)                                                                                                        | Network to Code hosted Interop event                                                                                                                                   | 2020 |
> | [NetBox Day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHH0Kjx55LM&list=PLjA0bhxgryJ3VcbLIZqY2F2QfUcdRhxZS)                                                                                                                              | Network to Code hosted event                                                                                                                                           | 2020 |
> | [Network Automation: The Hype vs. Reality](https://youtu.be/fFHL2o033Zc)                                                                                                                                                       | Jonah Kowall, NANOG                                                                                                                                                    | 2020 |
> | [Network Automation Architecture](https://youtu.be/VlDCYmItkzE)                                                                                                                                                                | John Anderson, Network Field Day 21                                                                                                                                    | 2019 |
> | [Network Automation Journey - Part 1](https://youtu.be/6wl2suubMIQ)                                                                                                                                                            | Damien Garros, Network Field Day 21                                                                                                                                    | 2019 |
> | [Network Automation Journey - Part 2](https://youtu.be/u0mYDbxH5-s)                                                                                                                                                            | Damien Garros, Network Field Day 21                                                                                                                                    | 2019 |
> | [Managing Network Device Properties as Code](https://youtu.be/dqzy7wyi1M4)                                                                                                                                                     | Damien Garros, NANOG 75                                                                                                                                                | 2019 |
> | [Powering Your Automation: A Single Source of Truth](https://youtu.be/_ad-DUGBNiw)                                                                                                                                             | Tim Schreyack, NANOG 77                                                                                                                                                | 2019 |
> | [Bart Dworak AnsibleFest Keynote](https://www.ansible.com/bart-dworak-keynote-microsoft)                                                                                                                                       | Bart Dworak, AnsibleFest                                                                                                                                               | 2019 |
> | [Greenfielding Network and Systems Automation in a Large and Highly Dynamic Public Transit Network](https://www.ansible.com/greenfielding-network-and-systems-automation-in-a-large-and-highly-dynamic-public-transit-network) | Logan Best, AnsibleFest                                                                                                                                                | 2019 |
> | [Using Ansible as a Catalyst for Digital Transformation](https://www.ansible.com/using-ansible-as-a-catalyst-for-digital-transformation)                                                                                       | Bart Dworak, AnsibleFest                                                                                                                                               | 2019 |
> | [Securing Network Automation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXvJMv13t3A)                                                                                                                                                     | Ivan Pepelnjak, Troopers [slide deck](https://www.troopers.de/downloads/troopers17/TR17_Securing_Network_Automation.pdf).                                              | 2017 |
> | [Network automation at scale](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99jHvkVM0Dk)                                                                                                                                                     | Mircea Ulinic, NANOG 69, [slide deck](https://www.nanog.org/sites/default/files/1_Ulinic_Network_Automation_At_v1.pdf).                                                | 2017 |
> | [Experiences with network automation at Dyn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4s15nmjDkE)                                                                                                                                      | Carlos Vicente, NANOG 67                                                                                                                                               | 2016 |
> | [Abstract all the things](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ym5kFJhCLJc)                                                                                                                                                         | David Barroso, SDN and Network Automation Meetup, Stockholm [presentation](https://www.dravetech.com/presos/abstraction.html).                                         | 2016 |
> | [How Facebook Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Network](https://ripe71.ripe.net/archives/video/152/)                                                                                                                      | Jose Leitao, David Rothera, RIPE71 [slide deck](https://ripe71.ripe.net/wp-content/uploads/presentations/4-DR-NMS-ng-v2.pdf).                                          | 2015 |
> | [NAPALM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93q-dHC0u0I)                                                                                                                                                                          | David Barroso, Elisa Jasinska, NANOG 64 [slide deck](https://www.nanog.org/sites/default/files/meetings/NANOG64/1043/20150601_Jasinska_Network_Automation_And_v1.pdf). | 2015 |
> | [What Is NetDevOps](https://ripe71.ripe.net/archives/video/154/)                                                                                                                                                               | Leslie Carr, RIPE71, [slide deck](https://ripe71.ripe.net/wp-content/uploads/presentations/54-LeslieCarr_What_is_NetDevOps_Why_RIPE71.pdf).                            | 2015 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion

|            Title            |            Details            |            Year            |
|-----------------------------|-------------------------------|----------------------------|
| [Nautobot Overview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vq-rtTRLRk&list=PLinuRwpnsHadCKcgqwnikyMZEWZX1raMB&index=16) | Network to Code, Network Field Day 24 | 2021 |
| [Automation without Config Deployment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qw6jKa7yLBQ) | Ken Celenza, NANOG | 2021 |
| [Cisco DevNet Day 2020](https://developer.cisco.com/events/devnetday20/) | Todd Nightingale (Cisco SVP/GM) | 2020 |
| [Interop Network Automation track](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qTC3lZYX34&list=PLjA0bhxgryJ35D79ZRrNLMaZNaL3NAvEa) | Network to Code hosted Interop event | 2020 |
| [NetBox Day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHH0Kjx55LM&list=PLjA0bhxgryJ3VcbLIZqY2F2QfUcdRhxZS) | Network to Code hosted event | 2020 |
| [Network Automation: The Hype vs. Reality](https://youtu.be/fFHL2o033Zc) | Jonah Kowall, NANOG | 2020 |
| [Network Automation Architecture](https://youtu.be/VlDCYmItkzE) | John Anderson, Network Field Day 21 | 2019 |
| [Network Automation Journey - Part 1](https://youtu.be/6wl2suubMIQ) | Damien Garros, Network Field Day 21 | 2019 |
| [Network Automation Journey - Part 2](https://youtu.be/u0mYDbxH5-s) | Damien Garros, Network Field Day 21 | 2019 |
| [Managing Network Device Properties as Code](https://youtu.be/dqzy7wyi1M4) | Damien Garros, NANOG 75 | 2019 |
| [Powering Your Automation: A Single Source of Truth](https://youtu.be/_ad-DUGBNiw) | Tim Schreyack, NANOG 77 | 2019 |
| [Bart Dworak AnsibleFest Keynote](https://www.ansible.com/bart-dworak-keynote-microsoft) | Bart Dworak, AnsibleFest | 2019 |
| [Greenfielding Network and Systems Automation in a Large and Highly Dynamic Public Transit Network](https://www.ansible.com/greenfielding-network-and-systems-automation-in-a-large-and-highly-dynamic-public-transit-network) | Logan Best, AnsibleFest | 2019 |
| [Using Ansible as a Catalyst for Digital Transformation](https://www.ansible.com/using-ansible-as-a-catalyst-for-digital-transformation) | Bart Dworak, AnsibleFest | 2019 |
| [Securing Network Automation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXvJMv13t3A) | Ivan Pepelnjak, Troopers [slide deck](https://www.troopers.de/downloads/troopers17/TR17_Securing_Network_Automation.pdf).  | 2017 |
| [Network automation at scale](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99jHvkVM0Dk) | Mircea Ulinic, NANOG 69, [slide deck](https://www.nanog.org/sites/default/files/1_Ulinic_Network_Automation_At_v1.pdf). | 2017 |
| [Experiences with network automation at Dyn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4s15nmjDkE) | Carlos Vicente, NANOG 67 | 2016 |
| [Abstract all the things](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ym5kFJhCLJc) | David Barroso, SDN and Network Automation Meetup, Stockholm [presentation](https://www.dravetech.com/presos/abstraction.html). | 2016 |
| [How Facebook Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Network](https://ripe71.ripe.net/archives/video/152/) | Jose Leitao, David Rothera, RIPE71 [slide deck](https://ripe71.ripe.net/wp-content/uploads/presentations/4-DR-NMS-ng-v2.pdf). | 2015 |
| [NAPALM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93q-dHC0u0I) | David Barroso, Elisa Jasinska, NANOG 64 [slide deck](https://www.nanog.org/sites/default/files/meetings/NANOG64/1043/20150601_Jasinska_Network_Automation_And_v1.pdf). | 2015 |
| [What Is NetDevOps](https://ripe71.ripe.net/archives/video/154/) | Leslie Carr, RIPE71, [slide deck](https://ripe71.ripe.net/wp-content/uploads/presentations/54-LeslieCarr_What_is_NetDevOps_Why_RIPE71.pdf). | 2015 |
```

# Presentations

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
